1. Dealing with a real life data full of noices 
    Even high cgpa candidates were not placed
2. While final probability mapping first i selected gradient boosting as the final model but a lot of different problems arrived
   -Mismatch between model goal and moodel behaviour
    the output of 20% which seemed to be a  good candidate  made me rethink about what the real prooblem is
    so basically it gave according to the data it was among top 80%
    and also one more factor affecting was correlation of different parameters
    WEAK CORRELATION OF INTERNSHIP (JUST 0.26)
        even if 2 internships-> noo guaranteed success
        NOISY DATA(SURPRIS)
        🔴 1. Gradient Boosting outputs are NOT calibrated
        🔴 2. Dataset has weak separability
        🔴 3. Features are moderately predictive, not decisive
        🔴 4. Real-world noise → model becomes conservative

Solutions -> 1. calibrate gradient boosting
             2. Switching to logistic regression

             ADVANTAGE OF SOLUTION 1-> Gradient boosting helps you capture non linearity which is not that well captured in logiistic regression
             ADVANTAGE OF SOLUTION 2-> PProbability mappiing is naturally good as well as overfitting risk is low
        
        FINALLY I switched to logistic regression
            What matters MORE?
            Accurate ranking? ❌

            Interpretable probability? ✅

“Although Gradient Boosting gave better ROC-AUC, its probability estimates were not well calibrated.
 Since my system is user-facing and requires meaningful probability outputs, I switched to Logistic
 Regression, which provides more reliable probability estimates.”'




 so another problem which i faced is while working with nlp model as i wanted to design it with handheld features so scoring it and making it 
 in accordance with the voice score data i used to train the model was a tough job
 so initially i started the sddcore with 0 and slowly increased the score according to the voice features but that was not sufficient 
 so insteaad i started with perfect score of 5 and started penalizing it on the basis of the negatives such as fillers pauses repeatation etc
 